README.md, before:

# Go + Docker + GitHub Actions CI/CD Pipeline

A lightweight, end-to-end demo showing how to build, containerize, and automate a Go application with **Docker** and **GitHub Actions**, integrated with **Google Cloud Artifact Registry**.

---

## 🚀 Project Overview
This project demonstrates a complete **CI/CD workflow**:

1. **Go app** — simple program that outputs your name, date, and time.  
2. **Dockerized container** — validated locally with `docker ps -a`.  
3. **Artifact Registry integration** — authenticated and pushed via `gcloud`.  
4. **GitHub Actions pipeline** — automated build, validation, and image push.

---
Project Tree
.
├── Dockerfile
├── main.go
└── .github/
    └── workflows/
        └── ci.yml

---

## 🧠 What This Shows
- Real-world **CI/CD pipeline** for a containerized Go app.  
- Hands-on use of **GitHub Actions**, **Docker**, and **Google Cloud**.  
- Clean, reproducible workflow for recruiters or hiring managers to verify.

---

## 🧩 Stack
| Layer | Tool |
|-------|------|
| Language | Go |
| Containerization | Docker |
| CI/CD | GitHub Actions |
| Cloud | Google Cloud Platform (Artifact Registry) |

---

## 🧰 Prerequisites
- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
- [Go](https://go.dev/doc/install)
- [Google Cloud SDK](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install)
- A Google Cloud project with an [Artifact Registry](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry)

---

## ⚙️ Reproduction Steps - Run all commands using bash

### 1️⃣ Clone the repo
```git clone https://github.com/justin-sniesak/go-docker-githubactions-pipeline.git```

### 2️⃣ Build and run locally
```docker build -t gotime .```

```docker run gotime```

Verify output:

Hello, the date is 10/11/2025, and the time is 07:45 PM.

### 3️⃣ Authenticate with Google Cloud

```gcloud auth configure-docker```

### 4️⃣ Push image to Artifact Registry

```docker tag gotime us-west1-docker.pkg.dev/<your-project>/<repo-name>/gotime:latest```

```docker push us-west1-docker.pkg.dev/<your-project>/<repo-name>/gotime:latest```

### 5️⃣ GitHub Actions CI/CD

Builds Docker image

Outputs current time and date in the pipeline log

### 🧾 Sample Output (GitHub Actions)

### 💡 Lessons Learned

How to link GitHub Actions → Docker | Create, authenticate to and push Dockerimage to GCP Artifact Registry

CI/CD pipelines don’t have to be complex to be production-grade

Debugging is part of mastery — not failure

### 🏁 Author

Justin Sniesak 

Infrastructure Engineer | Cloud | Kubernetes | CI/CD | Go
📍 Seattle, WA

Commit message:

Added comment about time returned being in UTC

README.md, after:

# Go + Docker + GitHub Actions CI/CD Pipeline

A lightweight, end-to-end demo showing how to build, containerize, and automate a Go application with **Docker** and **GitHub Actions**, integrated with **Google Cloud Artifact Registry**.

---

## 🚀 Project Overview
This project demonstrates a complete **CI/CD workflow**:

1. **Go app** — simple program that outputs your name, date, and time.  
2. **Dockerized container** — validated locally with `docker ps -a`.  
3. **Artifact Registry integration** — authenticated and pushed via `gcloud`.  
4. **GitHub Actions pipeline** — automated build, validation, and image push.

---
Project Tree
.
├── Dockerfile
├── main.go
└── .github/
    └── workflows/
        └── ci.yml

---

## 🧠 What This Shows
- Real-world **CI/CD pipeline** for a containerized Go app.  
- Hands-on use of **GitHub Actions**, **Docker**, and **Google Cloud**.  
- Clean, reproducible workflow for recruiters or hiring managers to verify.
- Please note, time returned is in UTC. If running locally, will default to PDT, this can easily be changed to the timezone of your choice if desired in the code.

---

## 🧩 Stack
| Layer | Tool |
|-------|------|
| Language | Go |
| Containerization | Docker |
| CI/CD | GitHub Actions |
| Cloud | Google Cloud Platform (Artifact Registry) |

---

## 🧰 Prerequisites
- [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-docker/)
- [Go](https://go.dev/doc/install)
- [Google Cloud SDK](https://cloud.google.com/sdk/docs/install)
- A Google Cloud project with an [Artifact Registry](https://cloud.google.com/artifact-registry)

---

## ⚙️ Reproduction Steps - Run all commands using bash

### 1️⃣ Clone the repo
```git clone https://github.com/justin-sniesak/go-docker-githubactions-pipeline.git```

### 2️⃣ Build and run locally
```docker build -t gotime .```

```docker run gotime```

Verify output:

Hello, the date is 10/11/2025, and the time is 07:45 PM.

### 3️⃣ Authenticate with Google Cloud

```gcloud auth configure-docker```

### 4️⃣ Push image to Artifact Registry

```docker tag gotime us-west1-docker.pkg.dev/<your-project>/<repo-name>/gotime:latest```

```docker push us-west1-docker.pkg.dev/<your-project>/<repo-name>/gotime:latest```

### 5️⃣ GitHub Actions CI/CD

Builds Docker image

Outputs current time and date in the pipeline log

### 🧾 Sample Output (GitHub Actions)

### 💡 Lessons Learned

How to link GitHub Actions → Docker | Create, authenticate to and push Dockerimage to GCP Artifact Registry

CI/CD pipelines don’t have to be complex to be production-grade

Debugging is part of mastery — not failure

### 🏁 Author

Justin Sniesak 

Infrastructure Engineer | Cloud | Kubernetes | CI/CD | Go
📍 Seattle, WA
